[THREESCALE-8410] Add support to set proxy buffer size (#1475)
3scale/APIcast: CHANGELOG.md

- Support Financial-grade API (FAPI) - Baseline profile [PR #1465](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1465) [THREESCALE-10973](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/THREESCALE-10973)

> - Added `APICAST_PROXY_BUFFER_SIZE` variable to allow configure the size of the buffer used for handling the response received from the proxied server. [PR #1473](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1473), [THREESCALE-8410](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/THREESCALE-8410)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `APICAST_PROXY_BUFFER_SIZE` variable to allow configuration of the buffer size for handling responses from proxied servers. [PR #1473](https://github.com/3scale/APIcast/pull/1473), [THREESCALE-8410](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/THREESCALE-8410)
```
